Update vm-25.kql (#347)
Azure/Azure-Proactive-Resiliency-Library: docs/content/services/management/subscription/_index.md

{{< /table >}}

{{< alert style="info" >}}

Definitions of states can be found [here]({{< ref "../../../_index.md#definitions-of-terms-used-in-aprl">}})

{{< /alert >}}

## Recommendations Details

### MS-1 - Do not create more than 2000 Citrix VDA servers per subscription

**Category: Application Resilience**

**Impact: High**

**Guidance**

A Citrix Managed Azure subscription supports the number of machines indicated in Limits. (In this context, machines refers to VMs that have a Citrix VDA installed. These machines deliver apps and desktops to users. It does not include other machines in a resource location, such as Cloud Connectors.)

If your Citrix Managed Azure subscription is likely to reach its limit soon, and you have enough Citrix licenses, you can request another Citrix Managed Azure subscription. The dashboard contains a notification when you’re close to the limit.

You can’t create a catalog (or add machines to a catalog) if the total number of machines for all catalogs that use that Citrix Managed Azure subscription would exceed the value indicated in Limits.

> This recommendation checks for 80% of the Citrix limit so that attention can be paid to this before hitting the published Citrix limit of 2500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This recommendation ensures that when 80% of the Citrix limit is reached, it prompts attention to be given before reaching the maximum Citrix limit of 2500.
```
